readme.md, before:

# ZURB Template

**Please open all issues with this template on the main [Foundation for Sites](https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/issues) repo.**

This is the official ZURB Template for use with [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites). We use this template at ZURB to deliver static code to our clients. It has a Gulp-powered build system with these features:

- Handlebars HTML templates with Panini
- Sass compilation and prefixing
- JavaScript concatenation
- Built-in BrowserSync server
- For production builds:
  - CSS compression
  - JavaScript compression
  - Image compression

## Installation

To use this template, your computer needs:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (0.10 or greater)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

This template can be installed with the Foundation CLI, or downloaded and set up manually.

### Using the CLI

Install the Foundation CLI with this command:

```bash
npm install foundation-cli --global
```

Use this command to set up a blank Foundation for Sites project with this template:

```bash
foundation new --framework sites --template zurb
```

The CLI will prompt you to give your project a name. The template will be downloaded into a folder with this name.

### Manual Setup

To manually set up the template, first download it with Git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zurb/foundation-zurb-template projectname
```

Then open the folder in your command line, and install the needed dependencies:

```bash
cd projectname
npm install
bower install
```

Finally, run `npm start` to run Gulp. Your finished site will be created in a folder called `dist`, viewable at this URL:

```
http://localhost:8000
```

To create compressed, production-ready assets, run `npm run build`.

Commit message:

add initial landing page content and form

readme.md, after:

# Refugee Projects
This is a temporary landing page for RefugeeProjects.com. We are using this landing page to seed our database with relevant projects. Once we reach critical mass and have established a firm back-end we will migrate everything over to our [Refugee Projects Rails app](https://github.com/prosper-community/refugee-projects).

## Based on ZURB Template

**Please open all issues with this template on the main [Foundation for Sites](https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/issues) repo.**

This is the official ZURB Template for use with [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites). We use this template at ZURB to deliver static code to our clients. It has a Gulp-powered build system with these features:

- Handlebars HTML templates with Panini
- Sass compilation and prefixing
- JavaScript concatenation
- Built-in BrowserSync server
- For production builds:
  - CSS compression
  - JavaScript compression
  - Image compression

## Installation

To use this template, your computer needs:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (0.10 or greater)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

This template can be installed with the Foundation CLI, or downloaded and set up manually.

### Using the CLI

Install the Foundation CLI with this command:

```bash
npm install foundation-cli --global
```

Use this command to set up a blank Foundation for Sites project with this template:

```bash
foundation new --framework sites --template zurb
```

The CLI will prompt you to give your project a name. The template will be downloaded into a folder with this name.

### Manual Setup

To manually set up the template, first download it with Git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zurb/foundation-zurb-template projectname
```

Then open the folder in your command line, and install the needed dependencies:

```bash
cd projectname
npm install
bower install
```

Finally, run `npm start` to run Gulp. Your finished site will be created in a folder called `dist`, viewable at this URL:

```
http://localhost:8000
```

To create compressed, production-ready assets, run `npm run build`.
